Make description of step more accurate (#1108)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/introduction-to-github-actions.md

#### Steps

> A step is an individual task that can run commands in a job. A step maybe either an _action_(more about actions below) or a shell command. Each step in a job executes on the same runner, allowing the actions in that job to share data with each other.

Reviewer: Think it needs a space before the bracket still
```suggestion
A step is an individual task that can run commands in a job. A step maybe either an _action_ (more about actions below) or a shell command. Each step in a job executes on the same runner, allowing the actions in that job to share data with each other.
```

> A step is an individual task that can run commands in a job. A step maybe either an _action_ (more about actions below) or a shell command. Each step in a job executes on the same runner, allowing the actions in that job to share data with each other.

Reviewer 2: Slight edit here:

```suggestion
A step is an individual task that can run commands in a job. A step can be either an _action_ or a shell command. Each step in a job executes on the same runner, allowing the actions in that job to share data with each other.
```

#### Actions

_Actions_ are standalone commands that are combined into _steps_ to create a _job_. Actions are the smallest portable building block of a workflow. You can create your own actions, or use actions created by the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} community. To use an action in a workflow, you must include it as a step.

#### Runners

> A runner is a server that has the [{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} runner application](https://github.com/actions/runner) installed. You can use a runner hosted by {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}, or you can host your own. A runner listens for available jobs, runs one job at a time, and reports the progress, logs, and results back to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}. For {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runners, each job in a workflow runs in a fresh virtual environment.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding the link here! 👍

#### Visualizing the workflow file

> In this diagram, you can see the workflow file you just created and how the {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} components are organized in a hierarchy. Each step executes a single action or bash command. Steps 1 and 2 use prebuilt community actions. Steps 3 and 4 run bash commands directly on the runner. To find more prebuilt actions for your workflows, see "[Finding and customizing actions](/actions/learn-github-actions/finding-and-customizing-actions)."

Reviewer 2: Although this is correct for this example (on `ubuntu-latest`), let's refer to them as shell commands rather than the specific type of shell:

```suggestion
In this diagram, you can see the workflow file you just created and how the {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} components are organized in a hierarchy. Each step executes a single action or shell command. Steps 1 and 2 use prebuilt community actions. Steps 3 and 4 run shell commands directly on the runner. To find more prebuilt actions for your workflows, see "[Finding and customizing actions](/actions/learn-github-actions/finding-and-customizing-actions)."
```
